---
layout: post
category: blog
title: Archivum
song_link: https://open.spotify.com/track/12Yd1PzN6pPgX6NPZ7v1ri
song_name: Decay, Another
song_author: carrottier
---

Welcome once more!

2025 is finally coming to a close, and I guess I can finaly say that this wasn't an easy year for me. So much stuff happened that has left me in a state of confusion and outright despair over things outside my control.

I guess all I want for now is to rest for a bit. I've made **ABSOLUTELY** no progress in this game LMAO, but that's to be expected for a game whose title literally spells out NO LOGIC!!!!!!

It's funny.. this blog has been a nice escapade to the madness that is life at times... I've become oddly attached to it, and the concept of writing into this big void that is the internet, where my worries will die in a pit of nothingness.

But as with all things in life, bad things at times do come for good. And this time, this gloom is what finally set the tone for the type of game I want to create, and ideas have been flowing in my mind like never before. I've always been an undecisive person, so actually knowing what I want is such a strange and novel feeling that I want to bask in for a while longer. All my ideas now live in a small notepad next to my bed, where I write these silly thoughts that may or may not come to life.

To finish off, I guess I lied when I said I made 0 progress. This weekend (specifically this saturday) I hacked together a small content packing library for this game, since I HATE shipping plain .png and .ogg files with stuff NUH UHHHHHH I AM NOT HAVING THAT!!!

The lib name is [Archivum](https://gitlab.com/fallbork/archivum) if any of you want to check it out. It was my first time [publishing a NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Archivum/) and doing it on Linux was an absolute hell. Screw you, Microsoft, for making my life as a C# dev. so difficult. I will always resent you.

I am very sorry for the rant-y, vent-y post, but at the same time those might become a LOT more common as I dwelve into deeper introspective topics for this game. So this is your warning to leave if this content does not fit what you would like to see.

I wish all of you, those who stay and those who go, a wonderful 2026, and I hope to make some more progress in the upcoming year ehe c:

(BTW happy late birthday OMORI, and please play The Dreamer mod. As much as it saddens me that the creator was not able to fulfill his vision, it is still one blast of a mod!!)

